general/functional-programming.md, before:

# Functional programming

#### Table of Contents

1. [Basics](#basics)
2. [Advanced](#advanced)
3. [Books](#books)

## Basics

- [The Dao of Immutability](https://medium.com/javascript-scene/the-dao-of-immutability-9f91a70c88cd)
- [What is Functional Programming](https://github.com/enricopolanski/functional-programming)
- [Functional Programming - Learning path](https://github.com/imteekay/functional-programming-learning-path)
- [Things I wish someone had explained about functional programming - series](https://jrsinclair.com/articles/2019/what-i-wish-someone-had-explained-about-functional-programming/)
- [So, You want to be a functional programmer - series](https://cscalfani.medium.com/so-you-want-to-be-a-functional-programmer-part-1-1f15e387e536)
- [Functional Programming Jargon](https://github.com/Deloryn/functional-programming-jargon)

## Advanced

- [Functional Programming Patterns for Mere Mortals - Daniel Chambers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9QGWbGppis)
- [Functional architecture - The pits of success - Mark Seemann](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=US8QG9I1XW0)
- [Exploring Folds: A Powerful Pattern Of Functional Programming](https://medium.com/@zaid.naom/exploring-folds-a-powerful-pattern-of-functional-programming-3036974205c8)
- [Domain Modeling Made Functional - Scott Wlaschin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JB1_e5wZmU)
- [Evotalk - Marcin Wadoń - Recursion schemes - where all the magic can be applied](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_5vZhxDIP-5w9rofto2CMI8FzggIvfCn/view?usp=sharing)
- [Evotalk - Marcin Wadoń - Where all the magic begins - intro to category theory](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ztxQf7G-hs5S3OHcCghE5kGrM2ja9-d3/view?usp=sharing)

### Category Theory

- 🇵🇱 [Teoria Kategorii - Bartosz Milewski](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7t95oyPZoWQ)
- [Category Theory (series) - Bartosz Milewski](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8LbkfSSR58&list=PLbgaMIhjbmEnaH_LTkxLI7FMa2HsnawM_)

## Books

- [The mostly adequate guide to Functional Programming](https://github.com/MostlyAdequate/mostly-adequate-guide)
- [The Dao of Functional Programming - Bartosz Milewski](https://github.com/BartoszMilewski/Publications/blob/master/TheDaoOfFP/DaoFP.pdf)
- [Category Theory for Programmers - Bartosz Milewski](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33618151-category-theory-for-programmers)
- [Functional Event-Driven Architecture](https://leanpub.com/feda)

Commit message:

feat(FP): How to Make Your Architecture Scream with Functional Domain Modeling – Bartłomiej Słota

general/functional-programming.md, after:

# Functional programming

#### Table of Contents

1. [Basics](#basics)
2. [Advanced](#advanced)
3. [Books](#books)

## Basics

- [The Dao of Immutability](https://medium.com/javascript-scene/the-dao-of-immutability-9f91a70c88cd)
- [What is Functional Programming](https://github.com/enricopolanski/functional-programming)
- [Functional Programming - Learning path](https://github.com/imteekay/functional-programming-learning-path)
- [Things I wish someone had explained about functional programming - series](https://jrsinclair.com/articles/2019/what-i-wish-someone-had-explained-about-functional-programming/)
- [So, You want to be a functional programmer - series](https://cscalfani.medium.com/so-you-want-to-be-a-functional-programmer-part-1-1f15e387e536)
- [Functional Programming Jargon](https://github.com/Deloryn/functional-programming-jargon)

## Advanced

- [Functional Programming Patterns for Mere Mortals - Daniel Chambers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9QGWbGppis)
- [Functional architecture - The pits of success - Mark Seemann](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=US8QG9I1XW0)
- [Exploring Folds: A Powerful Pattern Of Functional Programming](https://medium.com/@zaid.naom/exploring-folds-a-powerful-pattern-of-functional-programming-3036974205c8)
- [Domain Modeling Made Functional - Scott Wlaschin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JB1_e5wZmU)
- [How to Make Your Architecture Scream with Functional Domain Modeling – Bartłomiej Słota](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwVVkk_L21I)
- [Evotalk - Marcin Wadoń - Recursion schemes - where all the magic can be applied](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_5vZhxDIP-5w9rofto2CMI8FzggIvfCn/view?usp=sharing)
- [Evotalk - Marcin Wadoń - Where all the magic begins - intro to category theory](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ztxQf7G-hs5S3OHcCghE5kGrM2ja9-d3/view?usp=sharing)

### Category Theory

- 🇵🇱 [Teoria Kategorii - Bartosz Milewski](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7t95oyPZoWQ)
- [Category Theory (series) - Bartosz Milewski](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8LbkfSSR58&list=PLbgaMIhjbmEnaH_LTkxLI7FMa2HsnawM_)

## Books

- [The mostly adequate guide to Functional Programming](https://github.com/MostlyAdequate/mostly-adequate-guide)
- [The Dao of Functional Programming - Bartosz Milewski](https://github.com/BartoszMilewski/Publications/blob/master/TheDaoOfFP/DaoFP.pdf)
- [Category Theory for Programmers - Bartosz Milewski](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33618151-category-theory-for-programmers)
- [Functional Event-Driven Architecture](https://leanpub.com/feda)
